Update release highlights and roadmap (#132)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: index.md

## What's new

> Along with bug fixes and general improvements, Anbox Cloud 1.14 comes with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Along with bug fixes and general improvements, Anbox Cloud 1.14 includes the following changes:
```
Otherwise the sentence structure below doesn't work ;)

> * All Charms have been migrated to [Charmhub](https://charmhub.io)
> * Anbox LXD images are now available based on Ubuntu 22.04

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All charms have been migrated to [Charmhub](https://charmhub.io).
* Anbox Cloud now includes Anbox LXD images based on Ubuntu 22.04.
```
